Magic Mirror on the wall who's the fairest one of all?
Elementary, my dear Watson.
You underestimate the power of the Dark Side. If you will not fight then you will meet your destiny.
Whatever life holds in store for me I will never forget these words - "With great power comes great responsibility". This is my gift, my curse. Who am I? I'm spiderman.
I finally rest and watch the sun rise on a grateful universe. The hardest choices require the strongest wills.
Just bury me in the ocean with my ancestors that jumped from the ships because they knew death was better than bondage.
He may have been your father, boy, but he wasn't your daddy.
Is this your king? Huh? Is this your king? He's supposed to protect you. To lead Wakanda into the future. Nah I'm your king.
In times of crisis the wise build bridges while the foolish build barriers.
You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. How much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done.
If you pull that trigger you pull that trigger for an honourable reason. Like an honourable man, not like some civilian that does not understand the wicked way of our world.
There is nothing wrong with a life of peace and prosperity. I suggest you think about what it is you want from your life.
Be careful what you wish for, admiral. History is not always kind to its subjects.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again.
Sometimes, the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.
Good times become good memories, but bad times make good lessons.
It's time for you to look inward and start asking yourself the big question: Who are you and what do you want?
If you look for the dark, that is all you will ever see.
Sharing tea with a fascinating stranger is one of life's true delights.
Hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength.
I was never angry with you. I was sad, because I was afraid you'd lose your way.